[TSDB] Metric fields in the field caps API (#88695)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/field-caps.asciidoc

`time_series_dimension`::
  preview:[]

>   Whether this field is used as a time series dimension on all indices.

Author: @kilfoyle Maybe you have a better take on the doc changes here.

Reviewer: Looks good now! 👍

`time_series_dimension`::
  preview:[]
  Whether this field is used as a time series dimension on all indices.

>   For non-time-series indexes this field is always missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For non-time-series indices this field is not present.
```

`time_series_metric`::
  preview:[]

>   Contains metric type if this field is used as a time series metric on all indices, absent if the field is
>   not used as metric. For non-time-series indexes this field is always missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Contains the metric type if the field is used as a time series metric on all indices, absent if the field is
  not used as a metric. For non-time-series indices this field is not included.
```

`non_dimension_indices`::
  experimental:[]

>   If this list is present in response, some indices have the field marked as a dimension and other indices, the
>   ones in this list, do not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this list is present in the response, some indices have the field marked as a dimension and other indices, the
  ones in this list, do not.
```
